Hey there.
This is Andre from the future.
That's right.
You just watched a video of me installing node but.
Oh now we're in the future and the no versions are now higher based on when you watch the video.
This might be even higher where the LTE release is probably while probably this version.
So what can you do here.
Well it doesn't really matter right.
I said in the previous video that as long as you have a version higher than this everything in this
course will work but let's say you're coming back to this video or just in general you want to keep
your software up to date and you decide that I want to get the latest version of node because this latest
version of node has the best most up to date features.
Let's say we go back to our terminal and in here I check my node version.
I see that have version nine point six.
Now in this version nine point six Well it's definitely lower than what the latest is once again.
If I do NPM version here I get five point six which if we look at the home page and maybe the downloads
here you see that it includes NPM Version six point nine so if I go to the homepage here it'll actually
automatically detect one machine you're on or you can go specifically to downloads and download specific
to your operating system.
Now let's go through a process where we update our node version or we need to do is click on this open
up the package go through the installer let's continue.
Yes we agree to the license
and let's close
OK.
So let's go back to the terminal here and tried node dash the well all I have to do is close my terminal
and open up a new window.
So in my case I can just open up a new window.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
If I now do node dash v check that out I have the latest version of node if once again I do NPM dash
V I have the latest version of NPM as well.
Very very cool.
Now based on your machine you might encounter some issues.
So I will leave some resources for you to actually help you along.
For example if you're just installing the latest version of NPM there is a way to do it.
As I've shown you before with OSX and Linux and then for Windows there is a separate way of updating
things.
Again if it's just the NPM you want to upgrade and they actually have a couple of nice links of how
to do it step by step.
But I'm only showing you this because in the future in your projects you might want to upgrade some
of your tooling if you're watching this video right now and this is your first time downloading node
then most likely you have the latest version anyway so you don't have to do anything.
Lucky you.